Cookie Store API | update API summary page and update API GroupData (#31579)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cookie_store_api/index.md

page-type: web-api-overview
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat:
  - api.CookieStore
  - api.CookieStoreManager
spec-urls: https://wicg.github.io/cookie-store/
---

{{securecontext_header}}{{DefaultAPISidebar("Cookie Store API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **Cookie Store API** provides an asynchronous API for managing cookies, while also exposing cookies to {{domxref("Service Worker API", "", "", "nocode")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Cookie Store API** is an asynchronous API for managing cookies, available in windows and also [service workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API).
```

"API...provides an API" is odd phrasing.

## Interfaces

- {{domxref("CookieStore")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : The `CookieStore` interface enables getting and setting cookies.
- {{domxref("CookieStoreManager")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : The `CookieStoreManager` interface provides a service worker registration to enable service workers to subscribe to cookie change events.
- {{domxref("CookieChangeEvent")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : A `CookieChangeEvent` named `change` is dispatched against `CookieStore` object in {{domxref("Window")}} contexts when any script-visible cookies changes occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A `CookieChangeEvent` named `change` is dispatched against `CookieStore` objects in {{domxref("Window")}} contexts when any script-visible cookies changes occur.
```

- {{domxref("ExtendableCookieChangeEvent")}}

>   - : An `ExtendableCookieChangeEvent` named `cookiechange` is dispatched against {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} contexts when any script-visible cookie changes occur that match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An `ExtendableCookieChangeEvent` named `cookiechange` is dispatched in {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} contexts when any script-visible cookie changes occur that match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.
```

### Extensions to other interfaces

- {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.cookieStore")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a reference to the {{domxref("CookieStore")}} object associated with the service worker.
- {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.cookies")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a reference to the {{domxref("CookieStoreManager")}} interface, which allows subscribe and unsubscribe to cookie change events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a reference to the {{domxref("CookieStoreManager")}} interface, which enables a web app to subscribe to and unsubscribe from cookie change events.
```

- {{domxref("Window.cookieStore")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a reference to the {{domxref("CookieStore")}} object for the current document context.
- {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/cookiechange_event", "cookiechange")}} event {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Fired when any cookie changes have occurred which match the Service Worker's cookie change subscription list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Fired when any cookie changes have occurred which match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.
```

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - {{domxref("Service Worker API", "", "", "nocode")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Service Worker API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API)
```
